In this video, we're going to start to set up routing rules for all the other microservices inside
of our cluster.
I'm inside of our Ingress CRV file inside of our infra AIDS directory.
Right now we only have a route mapping for slash posts, which means in theory we can only attempt to
fetch or retrieve posts because that is the only thing we're doing with our post cluster IP service.
So we need to add in some additional paths to this thing to make sure that we map up all the different
incoming requests that might come in.
Now, I went through all of our different microservices and the React application and put together a
quick diagram to help you remember all the different routes that we need to service.
All right.
So in this diagram, we have some number of requests coming in from our React application.
These are all the different requests we expect to receive.
So we're going to get a post to post.
If that occurs, it should go to the post pod.
We're also going to have a post to slash, post, slash ID, slash comments.
That request should go to the Common Service.
A get to slash post should go to query and then finally a get to just slash by itself is attempting
to load up the React application.
So we need to make sure that gets sent to the React up.
So we need to write out all these different routing rules inside that ingress config file.
Now, I got some bad news.
This is something that I knew about ahead of time, and I wanted you to have to go through this as well,
because I've had to deal with this on a real project, too.
The bad news here is that we have two routes right now of slash posts.
If a request comes in with a method of post, then that should go to the post service.
Otherwise, if it is a git, it should go to query.
The bad news here is that our ingress engine x module cannot do routing based upon the method of the
request.
So all the methods I have listed on here, the ingress controller has no idea that these methods exist.
So the only thing we can really root on effectively is a route, really a path.
So for all these things, it really goes down to just.
This is all we get.
This is what we have to root based on.
Now, the reason that this is bad is that now when we look at this, you'll notice that if we have a
request coming in to slash posts, we're saying it should go to this post pod.
But there's another one down here that says if a request comes in to slash posts, it should go to the
query pod.
We can no longer differentiate on the method of the income and request.
So now we don't have enough information with these requests to figure out whether or not one should
go to the post pod or query.
So that's the bad news here.
To fix this, we need to make sure that we have some unique path for requests that should go to posts
and a unique path for one that should go to query.
So in other words, we really just need to change the name of one of these paths.
So maybe this right here, instead of being slash post, it should be something like O's slash create
or something like that.
If we put that in now, we can distinguish between requests that's going to go to the post pod and the
query pod.
And to actually make this reality, well, we need to make sure that we not only update our React application
to make a to create.
We need to make sure we also update the post pod itself so that it should expect requests to come into
post create.
So in other words, we need to change two different images right now just to solve this image or this
issue that we are running into.
Let's take care of that right now because we're going to have to edit those two code bases and then
rebuild the images and post them back up to Docker Hub.
So I'm going to first get started inside of my React application.
I'm going to find my post create file.
That is where we are making a post request to slash posts.
So I'm going to change that route to post slash, create again so that we can differentiate between
a request that is supposed to go to the post pod versus the query pod.
There's the change right there.
I'm going to save this file.
Then after that, I'm going to go to my post project, find the index file inside there.
Here's the post request handler.
So posts slash create.
You will recall that we do have a Gitter or a get request handler for slash post right here.
That was in the previous initial version of our application before we implemented that query.
So this thing is technically unused right now and we don't really care about that handler at all.
We could actually delete it if we want to.
I only left it in here so we could test out our post endpoint once we initially set up all that ingress
engine stuff.
Okay.
So I'll save this file as well, and I'll go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to go to my.
Client folder.
And I'll do a Docker build.
Client Dot.
There we go.
And a darker push.
Here we go.
And now we're going to repeat that same process for post as well.
Now, this one time, you're probably sitting there saying, wait a minute, Steven, wait, wait,
wait, wait.
We have to rebuild the image manually and push it up to Docker Hub every single time we make a change
to our code base.
Wait a minute.
That seems really, really awkward.
I know it is really awkward.
And this is something else we're going to fix up very quickly.
I really just want us to have to go through this problem distinctly one more time, because very quickly,
like in the next coming videos, we're going to take a look at a tool that's going to automate all this
change process for us.
And so I just want to give you a quick reminder that, yeah, anytime right now, do we want to make
a change to our code?
We have to rebuild image, push it and then update the deployment manually.
All very painful.
All right.
Well, the client is all done.
I'm going to restart that deployment.
They'll do a cube CTL.
What is it?
Rollout restart deployment.
Client.
Client Depo.
There we go.
So we'll restart our client deployment and now we're going to go through all those same steps for our
post service as well.
So I will go back to posts.
I'll do a Dr. Bill T even greater post dot.
I'll do a Docker push even greater posts.
And then once this is all done, we'll go ahead and restart the post deployment as well.
Quick upload.
Come on.
This upload always takes slightly longer than you hope.
There we go.
So we'll do a cube.
It'll.
Rollout Restart Deployment Post Dash Depot.
Okay.
So we've now got that new version of code for posts and for the React client.
So now we've got unique routes that are going to access each of our different pods.
So now a quick pause right here.
When we come back to the next video, we can start to actually write out the routing configuration that
we need.